Gilded Rose Refactoring - My Analysis

PROBLEMS I FOUND:

The original code was honestly a mess. There were like 6 levels of nested if statements 
in some places which made it super confusing to follow. Every time I tried to trace 
through what happens to an item, I'd get lost in all the conditions.

The biggest issue was you literally cant add a new item type without going into that 
huge update_quality method and adding more if statements. That just makes the problem 
worse.

Also the quality checking (making sure its between 0-50) was copy-pasted all over the 
place. If we needed to change how that works, we'd have to find every single spot.

Everything was crammed into one massive method. It was doing way too much - checking 
item names, updating quality, handling special cases, everything. Really hard to test 
specific behaviors when its all tangled together like that.

The string comparisons like if item.name == "Aged Brie" everywhere felt really fragile 
too. One typo and things break.


MY SOLUTION:

I used the Strategy Pattern from that refactoring.guru site. Basically each item type 
gets its own class that knows how to update itself. So NormalItemStrategy handles 
regular items, AgedBrieStrategy handles aged brie, etc.

Then I added a StrategyFactory that just looks at the item name and picks which 
strategy to use. Pretty straightforward.

Now the main update_quality method is like 4 lines - just loop through items, get the 
right strategy, call update. Way cleaner.


WHY IT WORKS:

Each strategy class has one job - update one type of item. So the code is way more 
organized and easier to understand.

If we need to add a new item type (like the Conjured items), I just make a new 
strategy class. Dont have to touch any existing code. Thats the Open/Closed Principle 
or whatever its called.

Testing is actually possible now. I can test just the NormalItemStrategy without 
worrying about all the other item types.

No more crazy nested ifs. Each strategy is like 10 lines of simple code.


DOWNSIDES:

Theres definitely more files now. Instead of one class we have like 7 or 8. For a 
small project that might feel like overkill but I think its worth it for maintainability.

The code creates a new strategy object every time it updates an item. If we had 
thousands of items that could be slow. We could probably cache the strategy objects 
but I didnt do that here.

The factory still uses string matching to figure out which strategy to use. It works 
but its not super elegant. Could maybe use enums or something but the assignment said 
not to modify the Item class so I left it.

Overall though I think this is way better than what we started with. The code actually 
makes sense now and we can extend it without breaking stuff.